[CTOR-503] Update Phoenixtec UPS SNMP doc page (#3248)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/hardware-ups-phoenixtec-snmp.md

> To monitor your Phoenixtec UPS, the SNMP must be configured.
> The Poller should be able to perform SNMP requests toward the Phoenixtec device over SNMP UDP/161 port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SNMP Configuration

The SNMP service must be configured and activated on the host. Please refer to the official documentation from the manufacturer/publisher.

### Network flow

The target resource must be reachable from the Centreon poller on the UDP/161
SNMP port.
```
